[EXERTION]
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[EXERTION]
[PANICKED]
You can do it, Noibat, go!
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
[HAPPY]
NARRATOR While our heroes
continue their journey
to Anistar City they pause
to do a little
aerial training
with Noibat.
Noibat's riding the wind.
Its long‐range flying
is better.
All this training's
really starting to pay off.
[EXCITED]
You want to fly too, Dedenne?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
That's how it's done.
And now try to flap your wings.
[EXERTION]
That's it, Fletchinder.
Just copy its movements,
Noibat. Keep it up.
[all gasping]
[ALARMED]
Hang in there , Noibat.
[AGREEMENT]
[SCARED]/[EXERTION]
[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
That's amazing.
Wow, Hawlucha is really
setting a great example.
Yes. You're doing great.
You see, Noibat? You can fly.
Now all you have to do
is remember that stuff.
[AGREEMENT]
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
Don't cry, please?
[all screaming]
Noibat can sure express
its joy loudly.
You're going to be okay.
Strong Pokémon don't cry.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Uh?
‐ Huh?
FLETCHINDER/HAWLUCHA
[REASSURING]
ASH
See that?
Hawlucha and Fletchinder
want you to know
they're behind you
all the way.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[HAPPY]
STARLY/STARAVIA/STARAPTOR
[CALLING]
SERENA
Who were they?
CLEMONT That was Starly,
Staravia and Staraptor.
Wow, they sure are fast.
[AGREEMENT]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Relay in the Sky."
ANNOUNCER 'You've come
to the right place.'
'Welcome. Step right up,
everyone.'
'Come on, enjoy the fun.'
Wow. Look at all of them.
Pidgeotto, Butterfree
and Swoobat are here too.
There are so many Pokémon
that fly, all here together.
Maybe it's
some kind of contest.
It feels a little bit
like a Rhyhorn race.
ORNITHOL
'It's a Pokémon Sky Relay.'
[all gasp]
What's a Pokémon Sky Relay?
You mean you came
all the way out here
and you don't
even know what it is?
Nope. See, we're on a journey.
Uh, my name is Ash.
[FRIENDLY]
I'm Serena. Hello there.
I'm Bonnie. Dedenne's right
in here. That's my big brother.
Hello there. I'm Clemont.
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
I'm Ornithol. And to my right
is my partner, Noctowl.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
A Noctowl. Hi there.
[FRIENDLY]
Wow. You look
exactly like Ornithol.
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
[chuckles]
So, what is it?
A Pokémon Sky Relay?
Well, The Pokémon Sky Relay
is a flying competition
between teams made
up of three flying Pokémon each.
'These Pokémon
come from all around'
'to show that
they're the bigwigs'
'or should I say, big wings,
of the Sky Relay.'
SERENA
'Wow!'
CLEMONT
'We saw those three before.'
STARLY/STARAVIA/STARAPTOR
[CALLING]
Nice flying out there.
You're looking really great.
Best of luck
to you tomorrow.
STARLY/STARAVIA/STARAPTOR
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ill bet you that guy
is their Trainer.
[AGREEMENT]
ORNITHOL
His name is Orson.
He's the previous
Sky Relay winner.
'His team is made up of Starly,
Staravia, and Staraptor.'
'Of course, he's looking
for back‐to‐back wins.'
Ash, are those
three Pokémon with you?
Oh, yeah. They sure are.
NOIBAT
[SCARED]
HAWLUCHA
[AGGRESSIVE]
That's what I call spirit.
I like that.
So, how about this?
Why don't you enter
the Pokémon Sky Relay, too?
Wait. Us?
PIKACHU
[SURPRISED]
I'm asking you
to join me in my dream
to take the victory
in the Pokémon Sky Relay, see?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Wow. Maybe we should
do it, guys.
Ash, are you sure? Noibat, too?
Yeah. Sounds like
a lots of fun to me.
So that means
you agree to do it? Great!
We'll win
the Sky Relay together.
Right.
Hey, Noibat, this is perfect
for some real training.
[AGREEMENT]
Yeah. It'll be great.
ASH
Yeah!
They're sure excited
about their dumb plan.
You're right,
putting that Noibat
in the Pokémon Sky Relay.
Doesn't get much dumber.
They are the Twerps,
after all.
But maybe those dopes
are going to wind up
giving us our big chance.
What are you talking about?
A tough race like the Sky Relay
might sharpen Noibat up.
‐ And then what?
‐ I know.
Noibat gets stronger
and then evolves, right?
Of course.
‐ We'll scoop that baby up.
‐ I see.
Which means, we're going to have
to get involved in this as well.
What does get involved mean?
It's obvious.
We enter the relay, too.
We chase after Noibat
and the moment it evolves
we grab it.
Hold the phone.
The Sky Relay requires
three Flying Pokémon
in order to establish a team.
MEOWTH We've already got
Pumpkaboo and Inkay
but we need three
to make a trio. Do the math.
Don't worry your troubled head.
When it comes
to scientific equipment
Team Rocket's
on the cutting edge.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ORNITHOL
Now, let's look at a map
of the Pokémon
Sky Relay course.
Here's the starting line.
The starting Pokémon
wears a sash and flies
the first leg of the course
with the Trainer giving
directions from
a balloon high above.
'The second Pokémon is here.'
'It receives the sash
at the edge of the forest'
'and then circles
around the cliff.'
'Finally, it passes the sash
off to the anchor.'
The finish line
is back at the start.
And that's where we will
find out which team wins.
[AGREEMENT]
Okay. Were going to start
the first leg with Fletchinder.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hawlucha's next. Got it?
Noibat, you're
going to be the anchor.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ah, yes. Flying freely
through the sky.
The eternal dream of human kind.
And the Sky Relay
is where we entrust
that dream to our Pokémon.
Strengthening the bond
between people and Pokémon
with an unending friendship.
That's what the Sky Relay's
all about.
Let's give it all we've got.
[AGREEMENT]
I was wondering. Have you
competed in the relay before?
I'll bet your goal
has always been to be
the best and win first prize
and set unbeatable records
for all time.
Sorry, but I've
never done any of that.
[gasping]
I've never participated
in the Sky Relay even once.
But, wait. How can that be true?
That's weird. You love
the Sky Relay, don't you?
[AGREEMENT]
Yes. I love it
more than anything.
But, you see,
the real truth is..
CLEMONT/SERENA/BONNIE/ASH
What is it?
PIKACHU
[CURIOUS]
ORNITHOL Uh, the real truth is
I was never actually able to
catch three Flying Pokémon.
[all gasping]
Well, I couldn't be
part of the Sky Relay
with only Noctowl, right?
That's why I was hoping
I could get the help
and support of strong
Trainers just like you.
Okay. Now I get it.
[AGREEMENT]
Actual racing experience
may have eluded me
but I haven't been watching all
these many years for nothing.
I'm begging you, Ash.
Won't you help
my dream come true?
Right.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ANNOUNCER 'We've got great
weather here today.'
'A perfect day
for the Pokémon Sky Relay.'
'The Pokémon have finished
their warm‐ups, and one by one'
'their Trainers are starting
to climb aboard their balloons.'
'And now, the Pokémon
for the second leg have assumed'
'their positions
and are ready to go.'
'The anchors are also
waiting in their positions..'
'...as everyone anxiously waits
for the signal to take flight.'
'All teams' Pokémon
proceed to the starting line.'
'Trainers, lift your
balloons high into the air.
[EXCITED]
ASH
Go get them, Fletchinder.
PIKACHU/FLETCHINDER
[AGREEMENT]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
ANNOUNCER 'The balloons
are on their way up'
'and the countdown
is about to start.'
[EXERTION]
'And the first leg
is off and flying.'
'The thrilling
Pokémon Sky Relay has begun.'
Now that was a great start.
Let's keep it up.
Go, Fletchinder.
Go, go, Fletchinder.
Go, Fletchinder. Yeah.
See that?
Fletchinder's in the lead.
NOIBAT
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXCITED]
Now, the start is the most
important part of the race.
That's where you get
the first chance
to take the lead.
Then all the other Pokémon
will see your back.
Fletchinder, rock and roll.
[EXERTION]
ANNOUNCER 'Fletchinder's in the
lead, and that means Team Ash'
'is off to a rousing start.'
Fletchinder, way to go.
[AGREEMENT]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Noctowl.
NOCTOWL
[EXERTION]
ANNOUNCER 'The Pokémon have
now reached the forest.'
'One by one, they're
heading into the trees.'
[EXERTION]
Combee, come on.
Show me some speed.
Give it all
you've got, Ninjask.
Great. Keep it up, Fletchinder.
[AGREEMENT]
Now we come to the point
where you enter
the great forest.
Exceptional mobility is the key.
Looking ahead while flying
is paramount.
Any drop in speed
and you haven't got a chance.
[EXERTION]
What's going on?
Is that allowed?
[AGGRESSIVE]
[PANICKED]
[STUNNED]
[SCARED]
One must always expect
the unexpected.
It's all part of the thrill.
Staravia, drop your speed.
Look everywhere around you.
Now, Altaria. Take the lead.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[SURPRISED]
ANNOUNCER 'We have a new leader.
Altaria has moved'
'into first place. With Staravia
right on its tail.'
CLEMONT We've lost the lead,
but we're still in third place.
That's a good position to be in.
[AGREEMENT]
Here comes Altaria. Look.
That's your cue.
PUMPKABOO/ALTARIA
[EXERTION]/[SCARED]
[gasping]
ALTARIA/PUMPKABOO
[PANICKED]/[CONFIDENT]
PIKACHU
[SURPRISED]
Hey, what's going on?
Hiding in Altaria's wings
to hijack first place.
Genius! Our strategy
is flawless.
You go get them, Meow..
Oops. I mean Pelipper.
NARRATOR 'Pumpkaboo has somehow
managed to take the lead.'
MEOWTH
[EXERTION]
Man, got to get ahead
of Hawlucha.
And then we get
the Twerp's Noibat.
STARAVIA
[CALLING]
STARAPTOR
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
FLETCHINDER
[CALLING]
You're up, Hawlucha.
AFFIRMATIVE
[EXERTION]
Get them , Hawlucha.
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
ANNOUNCER 'Pelipper is still
first, but Staraptor'
'and Hawlucha are coming up
fast.'
'It looks like three teams
have taken a big lead'
'and left the others behind.'
The second leg
is a challenging course
that takes you
between huge rocks.
Being careful
is of the utmost importance.
JESSIE Hey, do you think
we actually have
a chance
of winning this thing?
‐ Chance?
‐ 'Of course.'
JAMES
'We'll grab the top spot'
'and catch Noibat
at the same time.'
Right on.
We'll tag our target
and get all the glory
in one fell swoop.
‐ 'Precisely.'
‐ Turbo time.
We can't fall behind
any further. Quick. Go after it.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[ALARMED]
Heads up. Dodge it.
ANNOUNCER 'Staraptor is unable
to close the gap with Pelipper.'
Yeah! Do it.
Hawlucha. The rocks.
Use the rocks.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
STARAPTOR
[SURPRISED]
Ah!
Yeah.
[HAPPY]
HAWLUCHA
[FOCUSED]
ANNOUNCER 'Hawlucha is actually
using the rocks'
'to close in on Pelipper.'
That's it. Take the lead .
How's Ash doing?
Oh. Clemont. Wonderful.
Hawlucha just caught up.
[EXERTION]
‐ Whoa!
‐ Yes. Even.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ 'Meowth, for the block.'
‐ I rock.
HAWLUCHA
[PAINED]
No way!
[all gasping]
Oh, no. Is that legal?
[ALARMED]
ANNOUNCER 'Pelipper is
delivering body blows'
'and Team R
is on the offensive.'
Don't quit. Hang in there.
[AGREEMENT]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[IMPACT]
[PAINED]
[Serena gasping]
Hawlucha.
[WORRIED]
[SCARED]
[EXERTION]
I've had enough
of that show off.
Hawlucha. Dodge it.
[exertion]
[Meowth screaming]
[all gasping]
Pelipper broke apart?
[AGREEMENT]
Pelipper? What's going on?
[gasping]
Prepare for trouble,
you Twerps. Hooray.
Make mine a double.
And you will pay.
[all shouting]
[SURPRISED]
Team Rocket?.
ANNOUNCER 'What in the world
is going on here?'
'I think Pelipper just
turned into something else.'
Clemont, was that Team Rocket?
Hey, what's a Team Rocket?
They're really bad guys
who try to steal
other peoples' Pokémon
all the time.
[AGREEMENT]
[Team Rocket screaming
What was that?
Team Rocket?
It's the same old story.
‐ No target.
‐ No glory.
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
HAWLUCHA/NOIBAT
[PROUD]/[EXCITED]
Ash, what was that all about?
Team Rocket, but it's okay now.
You ready, Noibat?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Yeah. Then take off!
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Go, Starly. And get as close
to Noibat as you possibly can.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ANNOUNCER 'Team R has been
disqualified'
'for violation of
the rules.'
'Which means the battle is now
between Team Ash and Team Orson'
'and the anchor leg
between Noibat'
'and Starly will decide it all.'
[all gasp]
SERENA
Alright, Noibat, you can do it.
[EXERTION]
Now, the third leg
is fairly easy.
Pretty much a straight line.
Even Noibat should do well.
[FOCUSED]
Here comes Starly. Stay alert.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[gasping]
ANNOUNCER
'Noibat is in the lead'
'and Team Ash is poised
to win it all.'
Not there yet.
They've got to stay focused.
NOCTOWL
[AGREEMENT]
Noibat, no doubt you can do it.
But wind currents
in the valley
can change wildly
before you know it.
They can go
from peaceful and calm
to completely
out of control.
[DISTRESSED]
‐ No!
‐ Noibat!
It's a wind gust.
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Noibat!
‐ Starly, fold your wings.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[PANICKED]
Noibat's falling down.
You've got to get it
together, okay?
Straighten up and fly right.
[AGREEMENT]
[SURPRISED]/[THOUGHTFUL]
Noibat will be just great.
All of you just wait and see.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
HAWLUCHA/NOIBAT
[CONCERNED]/[PANICKED]
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
ANNOUNCER 'It looks like
we have a race once again.'
'Noibat's back in the game
and closing in fast.'
'Who will be number one?'
[FOCUSED]
[EXERTION]
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
Go!
HAWLUCHA
[CONFIDENT]
Go!
Yeah! You can do it!
[EXERTION]
ANNOUNCER
'Starly held on.'
'And that means Team Orson
wins the Pokémon Sky Relay.'
[TIRED]/[DISAPPOINTED]
[laughing]
Noibat!
Wow, Noibat,
I'm so proud of you.
You were so amazing.
What a great last leg.
[CURIOUS]
[PROUD]
[HAPPY]
DEDENNE
[EXCITED]
Fletchinder and Hawlucha
you were incredible, too.
What a close second.
Don't forget that you were
neck‐and‐neck with Team Orson.
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
I can't thank you enough, Ash.
You've allowed me
to finally live my dream.
I'm deeply grateful
to all of you.
It's such
a wonderful feeling.
[AGREEMENT]
HAWLUCHA/FLETCHINDER
NOIBAT/PIKACHU
[HAPPY]
ANNOUNCER 'Team Orson has won
the Sky Relay Cup.'
'So let's give them
a huge round of applause'
'for a job well done.'
[crowd cheering]
NARRATOR Team Orson may have won
the Pokémon Sky Relay
but Noibat has gained valuable
confidence and strength.
And that means
everybody's a winner
as the journey continues.
[theme music]